Plugin for adding current file path to the sidebar (#31)
STealthy-and-haSTy/SublimeScraps: plugins/README.md

### What they do

 * [add_file_folder_to_sidebar.py](add_file_folder_to_sidebar.py) is a plugin

>    that was requested on Stack Overflow in response to a question about adding

Reviewer: I somehow feel this wording is overly verbose or confusing. Maybe:

```suggestion
   that was first written in an answer on Stack Overflow in response to a question about adding
```
